.TH KEYPUSHER.CONF 5 "November 2012" BASHTOOLS

.SH NAME
keypusher.conf - keypusher configuration File

.SH SYNOPSIS
/etc/keypusher/keypusher.conf

.SH DESCRIPTION
keypusher(8) reads its main configration from file /etc/keypusher/keypusher.conf. The File contains variables definitions (key value pairs).
Lines starting with '#' will be ignored and can be used for documentation. Values can enclosed in double quotes ("). Beware in use of single quotes (') because here no expansions will take place.

.SS PREFIX
In standard environment no value is needed. This is used, when keypusher(8) is installed elsewhere as root (/).

.SS CONF_DIR
The location of configuration file directory. This Parameter has no influence on the file /etc/keypusher/keypusher.conf.

.P 
.B Default: 
$PREFIX/etc/keypusher

.SS CONF_FILE
This Parameter is obsolete and will be ignored.
.P 
.B Default: 
$CONF_DIR/keypusher.conf

.SS SSH_KEY
Where keypusher(8) will find its ssh public and private key. You have to give the full name with extension here.
.P 
.B Default: 
"$CONF_DIR/keypusher.pub"

.SS SSH_COPY
Path to ssh-copy-id(1).
.P 
.B Default: 
"/usr/bin/ssh-copy-id"

.SS SSH_CMD
Path to ssh(1).
.P 
.B Default: 
"/usr/bin/ssh -i $SSH_KEY"

.SS SCP_CMD
Path to scp(1).
.P 
.B Default: 
"/usr/bin/scp -i $SSH_KEY -F $PROG_DIR/.ssh/config"

.SS MAP_DIR
The Directory where map files will be located.
.P 
.B Default: 
"$CONF_DIR/maps"

.SS _h_maps
Here you can define where keypusher(8) should look for host mappings. 

.P
If you will use more then one file you have to enclose the value in double quotes ("). The single locations will be delimited by spaces.

.P 
.B Default: 
"$MAP_DIR/host.map $MAP_DIR/host.map.d/*.map"

.SS _u_maps
Here you can define where keypusher(8) should look for user mappings. 

.P
If you will use more then one file you have to enclose the value in double quotes ("). The single locations will be delimited by spaces.

.P 
.B Default: 
"$MAP_DIR/user.map $MAP_DIR/user.map.d/*.map"

.SS SEE ALSO 
host.map(5), user.map(5)
